what's up Long Beach it's JJ and on
Wednesday lb post 4.com hit the road
into that little slice of Anaheim that
they call fryer country as Servite
played host to the more league's lb
Wilson Bruins the Bruins coming off a
good win in the first round a 300 final
over at Aliso Niguel the Bruins early
pressure finally turned into some goals
and coach Mark Harvin and his boys hope
to continue that momentum that they
found in the first round going against a
Servite team very defensive only because
of their goalie Chris violist who in his
career set the shut out record for the
school with thirty five shutouts two
shutouts in the playoffs so far and 13
saves last week against Esperanza in
their 1o Fichter e in the first half it
was much what you would come to expect
from a defensive team and an offensive
team it was Wilson mostly in the Servite
half getting the ball switching play
good short passes being patient survived
came out in a 4-1 41 but it looked more
like a 8 - as most of the survive friars
were back playing defense against this
relentless Wilson pressure
like I said they played good with slow
passing look at Marvin doesn't even want
to watch this corner Tanner Perkins
pulls so close to petting that in and
that's what wasn't it struggled with is
good chances early and just not being
able to capitalize Servite there their
game plan was to play defensive soccer
and they got out a little bit in the in
the latter part of the second half with
that counter-attack using their speed on
the wing - a to pressure the Bruins
speed right here from number 4 Steve
Donnelly but Wilson was able to hold off
and this was really what some of the
only good chances that serve I was able
to have in the first half
number 6 though Rickie Alvarado just
played real quality minutes in the first
half and and was was pacing the deep
Wilson offense but 0-0 at half time in
the second half Wilson continued to put
on the pressure but it was Servite who
would strike first right here a little
pick in the middle Donnelly he could
have had his eyes closed it wouldn't
have mattered go la Sol Donnelly running
over to the home fans to get a little
love one nothing survived right
but to Wilson's credit they didn't let
the home fans take over the game and
they continued to pressure that pressure
led to some free kicks and the second
free kick of the second half turned into
some luck for the Bruins as they try to
clear the ball in
Oh a little deflection off Alvarado
Mohan its moha n if you're curious mohan
with the equaliser 1 1 Wilson and
Servite tied up in the 62nd minute and
the Bruins did not let up after that
first goal they continued to pressure
Servite and they got a lot of chances up
against violas and his defense right
here Mohan again looking for his second
goal great save by violist the rebound
goes into the side netting but Alvarado
finds arguello and got to give Steve
savage documents some love some great
shots on what looked to be could have
been the game-winner Wilson up to one
that argüello goal coming in the 74th
minute but four minutes later got to
give Servite some credit they fought
back great save right there from Javier
Torres you could kind of feel on the
Wilson sideline that they thought this
game should be over they wanted to play
their defense they wanted to play their
game but survives this corner great
service and in the 78th minute we
equalizer from Hunter Carlson he just
goes over the top of the Wilson defense
for the header we go into overtime two
overtimes that is no goals we go to the
pk's it's pretty much Torres reverse of
the olace Donnelly would have the first
crack at it and he would send it home
just under the crossbar argüello
for wilson violist coming up huge they
say you got to make one save to win a PK
and violist gets his out of the way
early back on the other side number 16
Shane Fontaine his goal in Hunter
Campbell trying to equalize it he does
so under the hand of violist just sneaks
it in number 11 had a great game number
six Erik Bunter just under the reach of
Javier Torres just under the region
spencer Hungerford will come back and
hit that goal in number nine taylor cook
put that one in Andrew McNuggets McBride
with the little hesitation and the goal
makes it 4-3 Servite gotta have this
safe to continue but Charlie Miller for
the second straight week with what
proved to be the game winner
it's Ash Wednesday and it looks like the
fryers are not giving up winning for
Lent Servite headed to the next round
after another emotional game for them
speaking of emotion very emotional for
the Bruins it's it's a tough game it's a
cruel game and it's a cruel way to end a
great game Servite seven and five over
the Wilson Bruins violas got to be
player of the match that save on the
pique has to be the difference
congratulations to both squads on a
hard-fought game CIF boys soccer there's
really nothing like it